All right.
So in the past few modules, we've covered quite a few new Dart concepts. So it's time to solidify what
you've learned by completing your second boss challenge.
And in this challenge, we're going to be building an app called Destini. And the app is a choose-your
-own-adventure game like Bandersnatch. Choose-your-own-adventure games were quite popular in the 80s and
they used to take on a book format where you would read part of the story and then you would decide
what would happen next
by choosing a path to go down. And Bandersnatch,
the recent episode of Black Mirror, showed this in a modern format.
Basically you would have a story that was shown in a video format, and then you could choose one of two
choices and depending on your choice, the rest the story would change and unfold depending on that choice.
Our app is going to be somewhere in between the book and the modern TV version.
It's going to be an app.
And here, there will be a story and after each story there'll be two choices. And depending on which choice
the user would choose, the story would unfold in different ways.
And we're going to map out this storyline and also let the user play this as a game.
So if you've come across these choose-yourownadventure games on the App Store, for example one of my
favorite is Lifeline, which is a space themed story,
but there's loads more out there. In order to complete this challenge,
we've set a whole bunch of to-dos for you inside a starting file.
So in the coming lessons, I'm going to be guiding you through how to download the starting file, how to
go through the to-dos one by one checking them off and building out this final app. In the coming lessons,
I'm going to be guiding you step by step through how to go through each of these to-dos in all of the
different files in this project. And we're going to be building out our entire app through a series of
29 steps.
So once you're ready you've loaded up on coffee, head over to the next lesson and get started.
I wish you all the best of luck and I'll see you on the other side.